[knocking]
[AKARI]
You're good!
Heyo.
Good morning, Yakuin.
The curling iron's hot,
so don't cook yourself.
[JIRO]
Got it.
Did she use my last name?
Been a while since
she's done that.
[AKARI]
Bad news, Yakuin.
We ran out of coffee, so it's
hot milk or zilch, 'kay?
'Kay.
[JIRO]
Last name basis confirmed.
She doesn't seem angry,
but it's definitely intentional.
[AKARI]
Hold up, today's the day.
They're gonna post
midterm updates, yeah?
Think so. I heard they're
coming through the app.
[AKARI] We studied our
butts off for those tests.
I'm not too worried this time.
Thank you.
[AKARI]
Uh, yikes, dude.
Gnarly case of bedhead.
Poor boy.
Lemme fix it for you later.
Uh, okay.
[AKARI]
Oh! Almost forgot!
[JIRO] Besides the whole
name thing, she seems fine.
She actually seems really happy.
Look! My girl Sachi gave
me chocolates yesterday.
Supposedly, they're,
like for rich people.
Let's crack 'em open tonight!
Cool.
[AKARI laughs]
Choco heaven here we come!
[JIRO] What's she doing?
Why's she being so nice?
[KAMO]
Huh? Are you hiding something?
Weird search for
a bro with no ho.
You'd know if I
had a girlfriend.
This is about Watanabe.
[KAMO] Huh. Mighty Jiro
turns to info sourced
by us screen-dwelling lowlifes?
The class traitor
comes crawling back.
I can never tell
whose side you're on.
Well, maybe you can help,
do you and your wife ever argue?
Course we do.
She got the ol' tatas
in one hell of a twist
not too long ago.
When I lovingly patted
her tumtum and asked if
she was on her period,
she iced me out.
[JIRO] I can't think of a faster
way to make a woman hate you.
[KAMO]
Send me to the Olympics, I say!
You know, it's also her fault
for never telling me anything.
If she said she wanted me to
leave her alone, I would've.
[JIRO] I wish girls would just
tell us how they felt.
[KAMO]
Preach, brother.
[exhales]
[MEI] I should've noticed.
I'm sorry I didn't.
But still, I just don't
see you in that way.
[MANAMI]
I'm not asking for anything!
Just know that I love you, Mei!
Check it. Guess the
rumor's true, bro.
[JIRO]
What rumor?
[KAMO] That Mei Hamano
is a total heartthrob,
ultra-successful, lady killer.
It was the spiciest
gossip a while back.
[JIRO]
Huh... Hang on. We look like
the biggest degenerate creeps
in the world right now.
[MEI] Means a lot that a girl
like you loves me.
Thank you so much
for your honesty.
Hey, if you can just smile big
and be yourself, I'm sure
that you'll find someone
better than me in no time.
[MANAMI]
Before I go, just this once,
will you call me by my name?
[MEI] Absolutely,
but once I let you go,
you have to be okay for me.
All right, Manami?
[MANAMI]
All right.
Homie pulls.
Homie pulls in a way
that just murked my self-worth.
I'm with you.
[JIRO] "I should've noticed,
I'm sorry I didn't?"
This sucks! I've been
replaying everything all day.
What the heck is it that I'm
supposed to notice exactly?
Is it the "Yakuin" thing?
What's with that?
[MANAMI]
Will you call me by my name?
And if that ever happens to me,
it'd help if you'd
call me by my name.
[JIRO]
Nah, that can't be it.
There's no way, right?
[AKARI]
I'm back!
[phone dings]
[JIRO]
I could always try.
I'll use her first name to see
if that's what she wants.
If I'm wrong, I'll only
die of embarrassment.
--Yo! Did you see? We rule!
--What?!
What would rule is if you could
give me some privacy!
[AKARI]
Peep our ranking!
[JIRO]
Huh? Eighth?
Sick, yeah?
--Really?
--Really!
That's legit?
Yes, it's legit, you dork! Yay!
Dude! We did it
for realsies! Go us!
Woo, yay, we rule...
But before we celebrate,
can I take my shower?
[AKARI]
Eh?
I definitely made the right
choice on the shampoo.
Yum, don't you agree?
And it says on the bottle
it'll make your hair all silky.
If you had big hair,
then I'd call you Yak-uin.
[JIRO] Great, we've moved
into last-name-related puns.
I mention it 'cause
I love my name.
Don't flip, the dryer gets loud.
[JIRO]
Akari...
You can yell if it gets too hot.
Say something, Yakuin?
[JIRO]
Akari.
Huh? What the...?
Wait! That was for me!
Jiro, I...
[JIRO] Huh, did I
actually figure it out?
That's what was wrong?
A-Akari.
[AKARI]
What is it, Jiro?
[JIRO] She just wanted me to
call her by her first name?
That's all it took?
Well, let's see...
[JIRO]
Akari.
[AKARI] Dude, unless you need
something, chill with that.
[JIRO]
Crap, I'm gonna lose it.
Akari.
Stop, and don't look at
my face for a sec, please.
Uh, there's no need
to be embarrassed.
Good, cause I'm not!
You're not embarrassed! I get
it! So, quit frying me now!
[groaning]
[AKARI] I mean, come on, we've
been married for like ever.
It'd be cool if you'd keep
calling me "Akari."
That's how I like it.
Okay? We don't have
much more time together.
So indulge me for now, Jiro.
[JIRO]
She's right.
Pretty soon things will
go back to how they were.
And she'll just be
my classmate Watanabe.
[gasps] Eighth place?
[STUDENT A]
Follow through, c'mon!
[MEI] This is bad, dude!
If you don't get it together
and make a new plan, you
could lose this guy for good!
Huh? This convo again?
Operation class duties
yielded zero progress.
He's gonna be booed up
before he notices you like him.
People like Yakuin typically
go wherever they're pushed.
If you really wanna date him,
you'll just have to push him
harder than his wife.
Yeah, but that's a lot
easier said than done.
[MEI]
There's a pretty decent chance
that they've at least
kissed already.
If you keep taking
a back seat in this,
they might end up doing more.
More? Do you really
think they would?
Don't know, but from now on,
I'm taking lead on this.
--[STUDENT C] Crap!
--[STUDENT D] Heads up!
[SHIORI groaning]
[MEI]
Oh shi-- Shiori?
--[STUDENT C] Is she okay?
--[STUDENT D] Nice work.
Well, is she okay now?
Not sure, she's in the nurse's
office. Go check up on her.
Huh? Why me?
[MEI]
Got something better to do?
I mean, no, of course I don't.
It's just weird,
don't you think?
I have no reason to go.
Your friend got hurt, that's
reason enough. So what?
Are you just too embarrassed
to worry about her?
Uh...
[MEI] If you don't want to go,
that's a different story.
But if this is some
weird pride thing,
swallow that crap
and go see her.
Here, this can be your reason.
[sighs] I don't get it.
C'mon, Shiori.
What could you possibly
see in a coward like him?
--[phone chimes]
--[blankets rustle]
[SHIORI]
Huh? Are you for serious, Mei?
My heart isn't ready!
[gasping]
[SHIORI]
Okay, me! You've got this!
[JIRO] Uh, hello? Huh?
Where's the nurse?
[SHIORI]
Hey, Jiro!
Shiori?
Sweet of you to check on me!
Come on in!
[JIRO]
Um, okay. Feeling better? Or...
[SHIORI]
No, I feel good.
I'm super sorry
that I made you worry.
But I'm super happy
that you came to visit.
Oh yeah. These are from Hamano.
I'll leave them here. Uh--
Dang. You're covered.
[SHIORI]
Ha! Minami brought that stuff.
[JIRO]
Makes sense. I should've known.
You are married after all.
[SHIORI] Married life's
going well for you, huh?
Huh?
It must be perfect.
You made it to eighth place.
[JIRO] Uh. No, not perfect,
just found calm in the storm.
We'll argue and lose all
our points soon enough.
That's nice. I think
that I'd like to try
arguing with you too, someday.
[JIRO]
And why's that?
[SHIORI] Because I've known you
for a billion years now,
and in all that time I've
never ever seen you angry.
If I was your wife,
maybe I would
get to see that side of you.
That'd be neat.
[JIRO gasps]
[SHIORI] Ee! Just talking about
the practical obviously!
Of course.
[SHIORI] I'm nervous
something's wrong with me.
I've made it all the
way to high school,
and I still want to disappear
whenever a boy says hello.
I'm such a baby.
Come on, no you're not!
[SHIORI] I am. All the girls
around me keep getting
more and more mature, and
I'm still just a little kid.
I think I get it.
Things with Tenjin haven't
gotten more mature?
No kissing?
And no anything else?
We don't do that stuff!
It's scary.
Even if things worked out
with the person I love,
I'd be too scared to
do anything out of
the fear of being
terrible at it.
[JIRO]
But you wouldn't be terrible!
Someone's first time
is always special.
Whoever you share that with
should feel honored
no matter what!
Hey, Jiro?
When you had a cold,
and I came to your place,
you promised you'd do
anything to help me.
Yeah. That's right.
[SHIORI] I'm going to ask
a favor. I hope that's okay.
There's something I want
to practice with you.
Ki... Kissing.
[JIRO gasps]
But! If you don't want to,
that's cool beans!
Sorry to spring that on you!
I'm sure that would
cramp your style!
Of course it would,
you've got Watanabe now!
[JIRO]
Why? I mean, why me?
[SHIORI]
You're the only one I could ask.
It had to be you. Sorry.
[JIRO] I don't mind at all.
It's just that, well...
I'm no, no pro, so...
You want me to be your first?
Yes, I do.
As long as you're down.
I'm down.
My heart! It's beating
so fast it's gonna pop!
Really? Same.
That's neat. It's like
our hearts are in sync.
[JIRO] What does this mean?
Is she serious about me?
Don't get your hopes up, Jiro.
[MEI] But if this is
some weird pride thing,
swallow that crap
and go see her.
[JIRO] That's right!
I've just gotta go for it!
[SHIORI gasps]
[JIRO]
I can't fumble this now.
[SHIORI gasps]
[SHIORI] Hold on a minute,
Jiro! I'm worried I was wrong.
We're not even married,
and I-I really don't
want to mess things up!
[SACHI]
Yo, Nurse! If you were real,
you'd let me take a nap here.
Place to myself, huh?
[SACHI] Ew, we're at school
turbo skanks!
Oopsies, bang in bliss!
[gasping]
[panting]
Sorry! That was an
accident, promise!
Yup, I know! It's all good!
I think that I've
recovered from my bonk.
I should be okay to hang out
here on my own for a little.
Oh, well that's great!
I'm glad you're better,
I'll get going!
[AKARI]
Quit ignoring me, dumb-dumb.
[SACHI] Akari! I've been
looking for you, girl.
[AKARI]
Yo, what happened to
skipping class in
the nurse's office?
Some freakshows
totally foiled my scheme.
The bed was taken,
if you catch my drift.
Like, I wasn't snooping
but I saw a guy
and a girl's shoes.
Plus, the bed was mad shaking.
[AKARI gasps]
What are you saying?
You think they were boinking?
[SACHI]
Are you for real?
A guy and a girl composing
a bed creak symphony?
Those skanks were boinking
like there's no tomorrow.
[phone chimes]
[AKARI]
No way.
[SACHI]
You good? What is it?
Jiro...
Huh?
Let's crack 'em open tonight!
[JIRO]
She's late. Wonder why.
Ah, you were about
to clock out, huh?
Apologies. Cream me?
Not a problem.
That gloomy gyaru
ordered this one.
Maybe some whipped
cream will cheer her up.
Give her a little
extra for free.
[MINAMI]
Sure, of course.
[MANAGER A]
Thank you for waiting!
Hope you enjoy.
Yum! So sweet!
Uh?
[AKARI] For real? How dejected
did I look? Ugh, awesome.
I feel like total crap.
Guess I'm a teensy
bit depressed.
What a nice guy.
My whipped cream hero.
[AKARI]
I can't believe it,
did those two prudes
really go all the way?
He loves her. No doy.
Guess his first time
was with his first love.
Must've been special. Lucky.
Just because they're together
doesn't mean anything's changed.
Jiro's still my partner,
and we're still married
for now at the very least.
I can tell myself we'll be
the same, but I feel like
when I open this door,
there's going to be a Jiro
I don't even know inside.
[door creaks]
[AKARI]
Is he already asleep?
[JIRO grunts]
Couldn't make it
to your own room?
And why are your dirty
clothes all over the place?
Do you expect me to come home
and play mommy for you now?
I said don't roll your socks up!
Come on little shirt.
Work with me here.
Get outta the crack, dude!
Gotcha! Like, ugh!
I'm gonna throw my crap
everywhere and see if
you like it! Sound good?
You can be as sleepy
and as nasty as you want
in your own room! You literally
contribute jack! Vacuum!
Learn a recipe! Something!
The least you could do
is wake the hell up!
Super. You managed to turn
my depression into fury.
Gross, the table's
a disaster, too. Uh?
You were waiting up?
[AKARI] Dumb-dumb. C'mon, Jiro.
Are you faking?
Either you're legit zonked out,
or you're dead.
Your hot wife is
half naked here.
So, spill. Was this all
that happened with her?
Probably so. Knowing you.
Or did she get a side of you
that you've never shown me?
Did you let her make you a man
while you left me in the dust?
I'd hate that.
Don't leave me behind.
Someday, I'm gonna be you
guys' biggest cheerleader.
But for now, while I'm still
yours, will you still be mine?
My arm.
What?! What the--? Why is
she sleeping next to me?
And how the hell did
homie lose her clothes?!
[AKARI grunting]
Good morning, Jiro.
[yawns]
Yo, nerd face. You gonna
say it back? Hey!
Huh? Like, is something wrong?
No, it's great and normal!
Psych! Are you insane!
You're nearly naked!
[JIRO] Couldn't feel the
breeze on your bahoobies?
You better get ready
for a full interrogation.
You can start by putting
on some clothes,
then we can actually
figure this--
[AKARI]
What's the big deal?
You're the one who
ripped them off me.
[AKARI]
You douchebag!
Don't you remember what
happened last night?
[JIRO]
Wait, I've got this. Nope.
[AKARI] So, you're saying
you just miraculously forgot?
Hard to believe after
everything you did to me.
[AKARI]
Yoooo!
[JIRO] "Everything I did"?!
What's going on?
I can't remember a damn thing!
Wait, does that mean we did it?
And the cost of entry to
pound town is your brain?
Get a grip! She has Tenjin,
she wouldn't hop
on my baloney pony.
Besides, something
like that would never
go down between us.
[JIRO]
Except it totally would!
Shoot straight!
Can you still call me a virg?
Huh? Shouldn't you be able to
answer that yourself, moron?
Get your pervy hands off me!
[JIRO]
Oh, my bad.
[JIRO] If we did do it
and I can't remember,
she was right to
call me a douchebag.
There's no way, right?
I couldn't've just
had my first time.
So, Jiro? Was last night
your first time?
[JIRO] For real? If we did it,
then yeah, it was.
You promise?
If it turns out you're lying,
I'll quit feeding you.
Don't make me say it again,
why would I lie
to you about that?
[AKARI]
Okay, okay. I believe you.
[JIRO]
Real quick, I'm sorry.
Obviously, I didn't
have any experience.
So, uh, I bet it wasn't
very good for you.
I'm sorry if it was
awkward or painful
or anything because of--
[AKARI]
I was lying.
Lying.
Dude, you're so gullible!
Get pranked, lame-o!
You should've seen
your doofy face!
I, but I... You! You're a
monster! Monster, I say!
It's your fault
for falling for it!
You should know by now
I'm not that easy!
Uh?
Screw you. There are some lines
that are absolutely
not okay to cross.
I'm dead, you killed me.
[AKARI]
Like it would've been so bad.
You should be disappointed
we didn't do it.
You serious? Of course
I'm disappointed.
[AKARI grunts]
Because now you can
keep calling me virg.
[JIRO] Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Ow! Ow! Sorry!
How foolish to think a
goddess would copulate
with a mere peasant!
Forgive me, m'lady!
Not that! I'm a good person,
I'm not gonna mess this up
for you and Sakurazaka.
Huh? What did you just say?
You're not fooling me, dude,
I know good and well that
you're secretly relieved.
You wouldn't want to
waste your first time
on me when it could've been her.
You're gonna have
to move your hands!
Why can't you just
be honest with me?
[JIRO]
I can't hear you!
I freakin' hate you,
do you know that, dude?
[SHIORI]
What a happy feeling.
Makes me wanna go night-night.
Let's count Jiros. Ready?
--[SHIORI] There's one Jiro.
--[JIRO] Shiori.
--Ooo! And two Jiros.
--Shiori!
--Three Jiros, all for me!
--Shiori...
[SHIORI laughing]
[MEI] Next time:
"Fireworks, but No Embrace."